Action
We're almost ready, but
we're going to add details,
like the movement in which
the hand grabs the diamond,
that we are going to take
advantage of this acceleration
to pretend to grab it,
but really, we won't see it
in a very obvious way.
We must add movement to the hair
and other details that we see.
When we animate, we have
to hide the Posterize layer
so as not to confuse us,
because if not, we will see
the result with fewer
pictures than we encourage.
Here we will try to do
that our character
comes from a rotation,
We just had it on our backs
and now look straight ahead.
So, let's try to simulate
that comes from looking to the side.
So when the character settles,
the hair should bounce a little down
and climb up to accommodate.
With the principles of
"squash and stretch",
every time they crush
or stretch something,
it has to widen it for the sides
or make it narrower respectively.
Now we will see what to do
with the hair in this pose.
Something like that is fine now.
Missing add Posterize layer
and now let's see
how everything looks,
linking it to the camera.
We have the Null de la Pirueta
and the other
precomps of the characters,
we link them to the Chamber Null
and we don't have to
forget the bottom line.
Maybe the movement can
start a little earlier.
You just have to make the
character grab the diamond there,
we made the hand movement,
but we have to
disappear the diamond right now
and make it appear with the character.
We are going to duplicate this
layer, bottom-end-without-diamond.
With Control + Shift + D,
we duplicate the layer and cut it now,
so, we carry the
bottom-end-without-diamond,
When the character grabs it.
So, we copy the diamond and hide it
and we take it to
the character standing.
And we will link it to the arm layer.
And we will animate your
position and your rotation as needed
to link it perfectly with
the position of the hand.
We will add a keyframe for
each keyframe that has the arm.
To give a final touch to the scene,
I would like to add "smear frames".
If you don't know what they
are, I'm going to tell you.
Smear frames are
these types of drawings.
that are used to
represent a very fast action
What would happen between two frames.
So what is done is
how to show those frames
that are tried to
represent in a single image.
That's why they sometimes
show how we see many drawings,
represented in the same space,
as here, that the eye is repeated
or like here, they try to
represent that kind of motion blur
with gestural strokes
or in this image, that the only thing
you do directly is to repeat the object,
as if showing the positions
they represent at the same time.
This is a particular case, it
does not duplicate any elements,
but it is showing
part of the next frame and
part of the previous frame.
Taken to a simpler representation,
we can see it in an example like this,
where we see first
this stick that moves,
that doesn't have any smear
But we can add one.
I don't know if it looks,
but there is a frame in which the
outline of the object is dragged,
to represent the speed of movement.
That gives it much more impact.
This is the frame that
represents the "smear frame".
Another technique is to repeat the
object, instead of dragging it many times,
as if we were showing several frames
at the same time, something like that.
The thing to be careful with
this is not to use it too much.
When we begin to show that the
object creeps in each movement,
it starts to feel like
the object is a stain
or some rubber
And we don't want that.
It should be used only
in very fast movements
and if possible, it can be
seen in a single frame or two.
In our case, I was
exploring an option first,
at the moment the
character goes down to the floor,
The fastest moment of action.
What I did was drag the
figure of the legs a little
to make that movement
feel more accelerated.
If we give Play, it looks like this.
If we don't look,
it's almost imperceptible
and that is the idea of "smear frames",
which are not detected with the naked eye,
They help give more
action to a movement.
I tried this option first
and then I tried another one,
in which I use the way of repeating
the object with a little transparency,
that helps us feel the
feeling that we are showing
several frames at the same time
And with our design I
think this works better.
It is barely noticeable,
but since the movement is
very strong, with few frames,
this helps us to show
a little more the way
What does the leg do, in this case.
Finally, I also thought
it might be a good idea.
add one at this time,
since the character is
grabbing the diamond in this position
and suddenly we see how
it jumps at this point
and we don't have any
intermediate drawing to show that transition.
So, I thought to do it
with a "smear frame",
that at a glance,
pausing in this frame,
It can look a little weird,
because it's like an isolated object,
but if we give Play, it
gives us a little feeling
That is the character that is
moving his arm very quickly.
So, it helps us a little to
connect this scene with this one,
showing a bit of an
intermediate frame.
The idea is to explore with
this and see what things work,
because it depends on the character’s
design and the action you’re taking,
It is the type of "smear
frame" that we will use.
My recommendation is that
the way to apply it is subtle
and that is not
detected with the naked eye,
but help to understand
what was happening, the
movement of the character.
I also recommend using it when
animating at 24 frames per second.
In my Posterize layer right now,
We have 24 frames per
second, so each frame is a drawing.
So in this case, we have a frame
where we have this "smear frame" here,
In the following is this and voila.
The moment we stretch this longer,
It becomes too noticeable
and that is not the idea.
To help us locate the elements to
duplicate in the "smear frames",
we can add a layer of Echo,
where we see where
the character comes from
and what is the movement
in the previous frames.
It's like a kind of
"onion skin" in other programs,
It is the most similar in After.
So what I wanted to do with this frame
is to put the leg
connecting a little
when it comes from above
for when it will be located below.
Then let's not forget to
remove that layer or hide it.
Finally, as a last detail,
I added a sparkle to
the diamond right now,
actually two glitters,
to bring attention to that moment.
We don't have to forget
That the idea is that
history be understood.
If we show that the diamond is in
a position and suddenly it is not,
These glows help us
guide the eye to that point.
And so we end this scene.
With this we finish the action scene
and I hope you have fun adding
"smear frames" to your animation.